README: Add section 'Update Process' (#63)
xsf/xmpp-providers-website: README.md

docker run -p 80:80 -t -i xmpp-providers
```

## Update Process

> There are several steps needed in order to see changes of the [provider data](https://invent.kde.org/melvo/xmpp-providers) on the [website](https://providers.xmpp.net):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes of the [provider data](https://invent.kde.org/melvo/xmpp-providers) may take a little while to become visible on the [website](https://providers.xmpp.net), because there is some delay in building and deploying:
```

Author: ```suggestion
Changes of the [provider data](https://invent.kde.org/melvo/xmpp-providers) may take a while to become visible on the [website](https://providers.xmpp.net).
This is due to some delay in building and deploying.
```

1. The filtered lists are provided by https://invent.kde.org/melvo/xmpp-providers

> 1. The lists are fetched and the website is built by https://github.com/xsf/xmpp-providers-website

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The lists are fetched and the website is built by https://github.com/xsf/xmpp-providers-website (every 12 hours)
```

> 1. The built website is deployed by the server on xmpp.net

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The website is deployed by the server on xmpp.net (every 24 hours)
```

Reviewer 2: All good from wurstsalat!

> 

Reviewer 2: Possibly state also something alike:

> This update cycle can take up to 24 hours usually.
